["Perhaps not putting forth my greatest effort being a victim of senioritis. I've always been a perfectionist, so it is challenging and dreading to imagine not passing a class with flying colors.", 'My only concern is if it will add too much to my course load this semester.', 'I think my time management skills are the most concerning. Preparing well before a test, and studying consistently, I should manage my time well.', "I am most concerned about getting behind on my work and getting stressed out, however that did not happen last semester so hopefully it doesn't this semester either.\xa0", "I'm concerned about not being able to attend the live lessons. Last semester I was able to watch recordings for the first quarter, but then I ended up stop watching the lessons altogether and just relied on the lesson videos and textbook.", 'The first B of my high school career was in Math 1554 so I hope that motivates me to push harder for an A this semester.\xa0', 'I just need to pace myself, and not get overwheACed with all of the course. If I have any questions I need to make sure to go to office hours to get them answered.\xa0', 'So far, I think I will enjoy this course more than linear algebra, as it seems to relate greatly to physics.', "I think my main concern is that I won't be able to attend a lot of the Studio Sessions. Last semester, I did try to attend a few, but I didn't attend as much as I liked. I hope that this semester, I'll be able to keep track of the schedule and attend when I can.", 'Keeping myself accountable and managing my time wisely', 'Keeping up the motivation to balance learning and completing assignments alongside other commiPCents.', 'The only thing that really concerns me would be time management while taking the course my senior year. I can solve this by planning out my weeks.', 'I feel like there might be a point in time where i lose time management and start to stress out', "I'm worried I will fall behind", "Im concerned I won't time manage.", 'My concerns are my ability to manage my time to prepare for exams adequately.\xa0', 'I am worried that I will get behind and do poorly on exams due to senioritis.', 'I am concerned whether I will be able to keep up with this course and distance CS. I hope I can stay ahead and turn in assignments before they are due.', "After last semester, I'm most concerned about getting behind on learning material.\xa0 However, this is definitely a personal issue of procrastination, and I'm feeling a lot better after reorganizing how I study so I don't get overwheACed.", 'I have no major concerns, but the exams are a lot sooner than last year, so the time crunch will be a bit worse.', "I'm worried about balancing time between my internship, other classes, robotics, and this class.", "The only thing I am worried about with this class is the workload. I am a participant in my high school's theatre program, so a lot of my time will be spent rehearsing for our production in May. I plan to combat the stress of a heavy workload by staying ahead and attending office hours when I am struggling, so I can get clarity before it is too late.", 'I am concerned that I will become complacent closer to the end of the course and not be as focused on studying or completing assignments.', 'I am worried about the difficulty level of this course and my time management.', 'I am concerned about pacing myself with my work well this semester.\xa0', 'Being able to balance the college workload with my other high school senior responsibilities.', 'Being on schedule and reviewing before a test in time', 'I am concerned about my ability to effectively manage my time so that I study enough to understand all the material for exams.', 'I concerned that I will procrastinate again; however, I am going to try much harder this semester and get an A.\xa0', "I'm concerned about getting behind on my work. Since it's an online course, it's very easy to not look at the work for a while and forget about it.", "I'm playing on the soccer team this year so managing my time will be more important and may be a challenge for me.", 'Keeping up with work and live studio sessions, as this was a struggle last semester.\xa0', 'Nothing regarding like the formatting of it or being able to find content but maybe just personally how I will do with procrastination', 'Personally I would put NA, however in the back corner of my mind that monkey brain of mine loves to procrastinate. I would love to not do that, so I guess that would be my concern.', "I'm worried that out of my own bad habits I'm going to start cramming material which is something I don't want. I'm also slightly more concerned about taking the exams because compared to last semester there's one more, and since they make up 60% of my grade I'm paranoid.", "Not getting ahead on work concerns me, since I'm taking a research class and I don't want the work to accumulate.\xa0", 'I miss your voice greg please come back i need you', "Regarding my individual needs, I have an unstable home environment. I've gone through the process of talking to the Dean of Students.", 'I am not the greatest with learning online as opposed to face-to-face, but nonetheless I am excited for this course and am ready to work hard!', 'I might not be able to attend live studio sessions because of after school hours, but I will try to watch all of the recordings.', 'I tend to get quite nervous before exams; however, I do my best to get help when needed/work my way through problems to get deep understanding of course materials. I believe course material is more spaced out as compared to linear; however, I believe the content is more rigorous, so I will need to ensure that I remain up-to-speed/ahead on all course content!', 'I will be in India from Jan 20- Feb 3 and so I will be trying to get ahead in the early weeks of this course.', "I'm very interested in physics and this class will definitely help pursue my passion in that field.", "I've learned a lot from the first segment of distance math in terms of what to expect with assignments and pacing so I'm not as worried about that this time around. One thing that I will be experiencing this semester is going to India for two weeks for a family event which may interfere with the course.\xa0", "Math is somewhat of a struggle for me, but I'll try my best this semester!!", 'My main concern has been keeping up with the work and managing studying.', 'I am someone who asks a lot of questions and needs clarifications! :)', 'I may need some assistance at some point or will have questions later in the course.\xa0', "I am on the autism spectrum and in general require basic accommodations for testing (time and a half and a separate testing room). I don't quite know who to contact about this.", "I have no extenuating circumstances for this course, but In general, I don't love online classes, and which there was more of an emphasis on the writing assignments instead of HW assignments.\xa0", 'I have heard that MVC has a heavier workload than Linear Algebra. If this is true, I hope to manage my time wisely to get everything done in a punctual manner,', 'In the end of my senior year of high school, balancing the rigor of this course with all of the other assignments I have due in my other classes, studying for AP tests, and getting ready for college will make this class challenging for me, but I am excited to take the class on as long as I maintain good, healthy study strategies.', "I'm concerned about falling behind on assignments and not being able to catch up.", 'I worry about my procrastination habits.', 'Keeping up with weekly work and avoiding procrastination.', 'I am a little concerned about falling behind the schedule and then having to rush to learn the concepts. I will try to maintain a consistent work session to ensure I perform my best however.', "I think I am concerned about understanding the content and managing my time. I want to be able to fully understand each of the lessons, but I'm scared that I might not be able to. I'm also worried about finding the time to watch all the lessons and do adequate practice for each of them.\xa0", "I don't think there's anything that I need from you specifically. I think I just have to learn to manage my time and get my assignments done to be successful in this class.\xa0", 'I am concerned that I will get sidetracked by other things such as my IB exams and not give this course the attention it needs. However, I am currently preparing to make sure that does not happen.\xa0', 'Right now I\x82Äôve been sick with a fever since Friday last week so my main concern is not starting the semester already behind on work due to my illness.', 'Time management throughout this course.', "Time management is my biggest concern, as well as stress. I'm hoping that I'm able to grasp the concepts in a timely manner, since geometric interpretation and thinking in 3 dimensions wasn't my strongest suit in previous years. I also hope I don't become overwhelmed with work and studying for this class.", 'Time management', 'Pacing myself and practicing enough for the exams.', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', "My only concern is hoping to pace myself and not get behind on work since it's online.", "My nerves and staying on task. I feel like I understand the material but I let my nerves get the best of me which impacts how I do on my exams. Furthermore, sometimes my weeks are really busy and I don't get time to work on the assignments and have to rush them. I want to space out my time better.¬\x86", 'My main concern with taking this course is time management, as it is self-paced, but because all of the lecture videos are available, I believe this will not be a large problem.', 'My main concern is the amount of time I will have to dedicate to this course as I will be more busy this year, so I will have to work to utilize my time more efficiently.', 'My main concern is meeting all deadlines and not being overwhelmed by the work. I feel like I can achieve this by working ahead at the start to give myself a buffer and avoid falling behind.', "My main concern is keeping motivation for the course and keeping myself on track so I don't have too much last minute work.", "Managing my timing properly since I didn't last semester.", "I got sick a lot last semester and hopefully I don't¬\x86 during this one but I may have to ask to reschedule exams again due to sickness or swimming.", 'Managing my time, though I believe last semester prepared me well.', 'Just staying on pace and working through it this semester with Ramadan and exam season.', 'I am going to try to stay on track and work ahead of time, especially when March/Ramadan comes around, but I am not home from 7-NCAC AM that entire month and may need extensions or extra help for which I will reach out.', 'Just commitment on my side of things, and I need to stop procrastinating to such an extreme level', 'In general I think it is getting behind due to load from mainly other classes as this class is decently balanced and I can get ahead if needed, but when it comes to studying for exams it is a bit more stressful.', "I'm worried about getting behind on the lecture videos and homework.", "I'm worried about falling behind when the weeks start to overlap more.", 'Another student and I have a conflict with the final exam for a band trip that has been scheduled since August.', "I'm concerned because I'm a terrible procrastinator, which makes me hard to complete the assignments in time or get a good grade on the exams.¬\x86", "It is hard to manage my time taking this course on online, and even though I was aware of that fact, I'm still struggling.¬\x86", "I'm concerned about the workload and time management.", 'I worry about my ability to time manage this course well. Last semester, it was difficult for me to keep on track with the weekly content. I plan on managing my time better this semester and trying to keep on track. I do not want to get overwhelmed like last semester. I also worry about how the new grade weights for our assignments will affect us as there is another exam than last semester. I hope I can perform well for this last semester.', 'I want to make sure I am on top of deadlines. I need to ensure that I sync my Canvas calendar with my google calendar.', 'I think my biggest concern is time management. Last semester, I did a really terrible job of managing my time because I was busy with college applications and other things. It was easy for me to forget about this class sometimes because of its asynchronous nature. I am really, really, really making sure that I manage my time well enough so that I can dedicate enough time to this class to not only pass but to really engage with the content (if that makes sense).', 'I struggle to do my work on time for online courses.¬\x86', 'I just want to make sure I stay on task this semester and don\x82Äôt put things off.', "I hope I don't get too burned out learning the advanced content that tends to be taught in this course.", 'I feel pretty good about taking this course. I am a little concerned with the pace, but I plan to stay on top of my notes.', "I feel like it moves really fast. I don't know if I am just building it up in my head and maybe this is the same speed things normally are, but things just appear to go very fast. It is a pretty big complicated subject so I get it, but it just concerns me. I want to be able to keep up.", 'I am worried about getting overworked with my extraciricular schedule combined with GT Math.', 'I am the most concerned about staying ahead of the material so that I am not rushed when completing any of the assignments.', 'I am concerned about my pace. I hope to be a week ahead by spring break.', "Honestly, the anticipated course workload this spring semester concerns me the most. Since I am taking this course in addition to my high school AP courses, I am worried that the workload in this course might get heavy, especially in the middle of the semester, while my workload in my other classes intensifies as well. I'm worried about having to grind out more work and get everything done in due time.¬\x86", 'Having to self-pace the work', 'Because I did get a little lost in the middle of the last semester before recovering, I want to make sure I stay on track throughout the entirety of this course.', 'After last semester, my goal is to be more consistent with the live learning sessions and keep up with the lecture videos as my personal life becomes more hectic.¬\x86', 'NC. Pacing myself with weekly videos\n\n¬\x86', "This semester, I'm concerned about my motivation and will to do coursework.¬\x86", 'The workload.', 'The workload later into the year.', 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', 'The main thing that concerns me is that I will put things off like I did last semester.', 'Staying motivated through the end of senior year.', 'Second semester of senior year is very busy! I have some concerns about time management but I think I will be okay.', 'Remembering formulas', "I have a concentration disorder that makes it difficult for me to learn, however I'm unable to set up a 504 plan.", 'Remembering calculus.', 'Remembering calculus concepts and learning new ones so quickly', 'Probably remembering all the concepts I learned in calculus well enough to really understand the content of this course.', 'Probably just making sure I stay caught up.', 'Potentially forgetting content from AP Calculus BC', 'Only concerns are staying on time and not procrastinating on assignments.', 'One of my concerns includes balancing this rigorous class with other classes at my school and extracurriculars.¬\x86', 'One concern I have about this course is my ability to fully learn and comprehend all the material through an online format. This is my first online class and adjusting to this online class was difficult for me the first semester.', 'My only concern is prior knowledge needed for this course, as I need to touch up on any important Calculus concepts, but it can easily be addressed by just reviewing.', 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', 'My most pressing concern is similar to last semester which is that I am unsure as to whether I will fall behind or have any confusing questions that will remain unanswered.', 'I am able to do all of the work that I need to do, but I might struggle with certain concepts and have to do personal research to find the answers I am looking for.¬\x86', 'My GPA', 'My final grade for this class.', 'Multivariable calculus is hard', 'Math', 'Many people told me that multivariable calculus is harder than linear algebra, which concerns me a little bit. I might need to change to my study schedule.¬\x86', 'Making sure I am adequatley prepared for the exams.', 'losing focus and not doing work', 'Last year, I personally struggled with taking exams. I want to do better so that the grades I get can reflect the knowledge I have learned. I employ better study habits so I do not have to worry while taking exams.', 'Last semester, the workload was a lot sometimes, so I hope that I will be able to keep up better this semester.', "Last semester, I didn't do as well as I expected on the final exam so, this semester, I will be focusing on doing really good on the final this time.¬\x86", 'Lack of discussion of the material in person because there is no one else taking this class at my school.¬\x86', 'It would probably be memorizing my material for the exams, since those are not open note.', 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', "I must admit, linear algebra has been quite a journey for me. The abstract concepts and the depth of the material made it challenging, but I embraced the struggle and managed to grasp most of it. Now, as we delve into multivariable calculus, I can't help but feel a bit anxious. However, I hope to learn the most out of your teachings and look forward to the class.", "I'm worried about my comprehension of the material.", "I'm worried about getting stuck on an important concept and falling behind. I looked ahead to some of the later concepts, like triple integrals, and I'm concerned I won't be able to understand them.", "The course seems pretty hard and involved, and I'm worried I won't have enough practice, which I benefit from immensely, for assessments. Practice is often the way where I internalize concepts and ideas.", "I'm not sure how much Calc BC I still remember after doing Linear Algebra last semester. It may take me some effort to remember calculus concepts.", "I'm not really sure what concerns I have; I'm taking a course at my school right now and I sometimes just struggle with understanding Lagrange multipliers and some topics, but hopefully everything will be explained in depth.", "I'm most worried about getting sick during the GT exam days, as that would likely dent my scores significantly. The only reason why is because I already have experience with the first and second final exam parts for Linear Algebra last semester... :(", "If there's any way to shorten the videos doing so would be greatly appreciated, though that's if it doesn't take too much effort/time! Thank you!", "I'm most concerned about having a solid grasp of all the content by the time of the exam because in linear algebra I had to do alot of review for the final exam and it was a little difficult.", "I'm just scared I'll end with a B but I will do my best to get to an A this time.¬\x86", "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", "I'm concerned about falling behind if I get sick.", "I'm concerned about being able to fully grasp the content.", "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", "I'm a little nervous because I'm not sure if I remember everything from my Calculus BC class from last year. So I might need to do some individual review to make sure I am ready for the new content that builds off of what I learned last year.", "I'm a bit worried about being able to handle everything this semester. I'm quite busy as someone in second semester junior year, and I'm worried about having time and energy to effectively complete GT assignments.", 'If it moves too fast and I catch myself behind by more than a week.', 'I\x82Äôm worried about falling behind.', 'I\x82Äôm concerned about the exams', 'I\x82Äôm a little concerned about peer help with this class as I\x82Äôm the only person taking this course from my school. Still, I think I\x82Äôll be able to utilize piazza to help with this issue :)', 'I worry about studying correctly and properly preparing for tests. I also need to make sure I work ahead on these problems.¬\x86', 'I took calculus half a year ago at this point, and I am worried I have forgotten most of the rules about Integration. Re-learning calculus at the same time as we expand it to 3 dimensions may make this course significantly more difficult.', 'I think the biggest concern is the workload since I am taking many rigorous classes this semester.', 'I think taking the tests and exams will be hard for me. This is because I have always struggled with the true and false.', 'I struggled a little bit in the first semester', 'I don\x82Äôt really have any concerns aside from losing steam towards the end of the semester like I did last semester.', 'I am worried about staying engaged as I get closer to graduating from high school¬\x86', 'I am taking a lot of difficult courses this semester, so I am afraid of falling behind, as the workload can sometimes get intense.', 'I am somewhat concerned with the workload but I believe I will still do fine.¬\x86', 'I am slightly concerned about the pacing, this is a me issue since I am taking this class at an unusual time of day.', 'Online classes tend to be more challenging for me due to the isolation aspect of them.', 'I am slightly concerned about taking this course online; however, I know that I can reach my full potential by following all the steps to succeed.¬\x86', 'I am simply concerned about doing things last minute and not fully understanding things.', "I am just hoping I haven't forgotten anything from calculus that will be important in this course.", 'I am concerned that I may fall behind in the course, but I fully believe in my ability to schedule my activities properly.', 'I am concerned im going to get behind on course work', 'I am concerned I will get too much senioritis.¬\x86', 'I am concerned about myself academically because as seen in covid and Linear Algebra I do not do well learning online.', 'I am concerned about having external unexpected problems that prevent me from learning or taking the class. There was a problem last semester, but the professor was very responsive, so it all worked out.¬\x86', 'I am scheduled to have brain surgery at the start of April. I may not be fully recovered by the time for the final exam. I expect to be well by then , but I will keep in touch with you and email if anything changes.¬\x86', 'I am always concerned over my grades, but I have achieved grades that I am very happy with in this course.', 'After watching the first 3 weeks lecture videos, I feel like the videos are too fast and the person teaching skips a lot of the steps in the math. I feel like the lecture videos could go a bit slower and showing out all the work instead of condensing the work would be helpful for me.¬\x86', "I play varsity baseball and will be at the field after school from 3:30 to around 8 pm everyday, therefore I will make sure I stay on top scheduling so I don't miss anything.", 'Same concerns like Linear Algebra with the eye problems, but I did not have many issues, much less severe ones last semester, so hopefully this semester will follow very similarly.', 'I will be going to India for AC weeks this month from January NC9th-February 6th. I will be doing my assignments for those two weeks before hand and plan to take exam NC on time. Just thought you should know in case any emergencies arise :)', 'I struggle with my focus', 'I am a student with disability accommodations.', 'Who is the weird lady in the lecture videos.', 'I have already contacted Dr. Mayer regarding my accommodations and he has assured me that the course is designed for the success of the students, and I am looking forward to that.¬\x86', 'I hope MVC is easier than Linear Algebra.', "Any concerns are more on my end; I had a horrific time working during COVID, and my grades showed it. Though that was primarily due to my lack of social interaction with other people (something I've been certain to add to my current schedule), those fears still linger.", "I am enjoying the course and I appreciate the way it is taught and structured. The videos are very helpful, the textbook's explanations are well written, and the studio sessions are engaging. I can only attend the first 25 minutes of the instructor's office hours because I have another dual enrollment class that starts at 7:30pm, but I find them useful and plan to attend weekly.\xa0", "One concern of mine is that I will fall behind on my desired pace and end up doing assignments only a few hours before they are due. I'm also concerned about the fact that my school doesn't let us use personal laptops on campus, so I have to use the cheap school-supplied Chromebooks, which are harder to use and make everyone less productive.", 'I am worried about falling behind and procrastinating.', 'I am a procrastinator.', 'Nothing is concerning about the class itself, I just have personal issues with time management skills.\xa0', 'Im just afraid I will struggle to pay attention', 'nothing really but I do struggle with depression which can make due dates a bit tough from time to time but hopefully I will be good regardless.', 'Only one concern that I have is just the fact that the course is digital which makes it overall harder for me to learn. I had always liked the in-person, hands-on instruction with easy access to the teacher for any questions. However, compared to the digital school year when COVID-19 struck, GT distance math policies and instruction methods are a huge upgrade. It really just comes down to how I learn as a student but if I have a question with any of my assignments I know I can easily access a way to get my question answered.\xa0', "Digital learning isn't the best way I learn however I am willing to take the challenge since the course material is interesting. Since digital isn'y my strong suit, I may ask questions for clarification on confusing concepts.", "I am very excited because I love math. However, I am concerned because the first in-person practice exam is scheduled for the middle of fall break. I will be out of town during that day so I'm not sure what I should do.\xa0", 'My only concern is I have to get surgery to heal my broken collarbone today. This may affect my ability to complete work in the following days.', 'procrastination :)', 'I am concerned that I will struggle to pace myself or structure the class well.', 'There are no major concerns in taking this class remotely. There is only\xa0 slight issues that I may face learning remotely, such as problems regarding concentration and paying attention to the material. While this is not an issue, this could pose a problem in the future.', 'The lectures last until 9:15, but the class at my high school dismisses at 8:51. The scheduling is not ideal.', "I think that the remote learning aspect of this math course deprives me of the ability to absorb additional information. By learning by myself, I don't think I can reach my full potential compared to learning in an in-person class.", 'My only concerns are about my own time management and work ethic.', 'One tiny concern would be communication. At times, it feels confusing to know who to reach out to.', 'I worry that I might struggle to maintain a good schedule for my learning and assignments.', "Simply managing my time correctly and the correct way to study. I've been using the textbook most of the time to study with the problems, but I've been taking a lot of time in my day to doing this. The videos also help, but mostly it is managing my time and having a structured guideline to succeeding in this class.", 'My biggest concern is overcoming obstacles in my understanding of the content. I do have my classmates at my disposal, as well as a plethora of content here, but I still somewhat of a concern.', 'I am afraid that I will not be able to understand explanations and ask questions effectively since I cannot be there in person.', 'I sometimes have felt I have not been grasping the information as readily, though I think I can review the information to better engrain it in my memory.', 'I am concerned the lack of in person teaching will affect my ability to fluently learn. I usually like to learn math in a face to face environment where I can ask questions as I progress through the material.', 'Concern I have taking this class is accurately learning the information without my misunderstanding. I feel like it is harder to learn online because it is self studying with only lectures, but the homework and quizzes do a good job of making sure I learned the material well.', "Not much, I believe more of the success and understanding is dependent on the student's learning outside lectures and homework.", 'I personally struggle with digital learning, and I am not fully comfortable with lectures that have constant videos and fast pace without in person interactions with a professor .', 'I fear that learning it remotely will not allow me to understand and learn the content fully. Additionally, not having any in-person support may be difficult.', 'One concern I have about taking this class remotely is that in the past, I have not taken many online courses but rather in-person ones, so I feel that I may struggle a little in a different environment.', 'My biggest concern is keeping up with the work and understanding the material; however, this is more of a concern for myself rather than for the class. The class is setup in a very user friendly format with everything clearly laid out!\xa0', "I'm not learning as well as I would in person.", 'It may be hard to attend the TA sessions.', 'Maintaining the willpower to keep up with coursework during senior year especially as it gets busier.', "I'm concerned that I might not remember a lot of the material next year.", 'patience', 'Possibly not taking in the content as well if I had a teacher explain everything. I have resorted to learning parts of math courses from videos if I had been sick. However, the entirety of this Dual Enrollment year 1 math will be as if I were sick, learning almost by myself and some of the content may not be fully absorbed.', 'Whether I will be able to remember the materials as well as if it was an in person class.', 'I was a little worried about not be able to learn the information as well as I would in an in person class.\xa0', "I don't have any particular worries, I just need to make sure I complete all the work on time.\xa0", 'I am really enjoying utilizing your videos and the textbook to learn! I am mainly concerned about giving myself enough time to complete everything to the best of my abilities and how that will transfer to our proctored exams.', "I don't want to fall behind, especially in this course. Nothing on your part, but I've been treating the class like its Algebra II, which I did not have to put in any work. But even though this class is already challenging, I don't want to get to Exam day and fail the Exam miserably. Because it's online, it is easy to not do the required amount of work each day, but I want to succeed. Like I said, nothing on your part, but I want to pass this class, preferably with an A, as I have in every other class that I've taken.", "Its a cool course so far honestly, but unfortunately, with my Extracurricular's, getting to watch the Studios is not a possibility for me most days. I watch the Media one's, but I'd like to be there in person every so often.", 'I feel unprepared for the module test.\xa0', 'Staying motivated and on top of work', 'Concerns I have with taking this class remotely is just with keeping on track while balancing everything for regular high school. I am able to ask questions with my teacher and brother about the course, so that is not a concern.', 'I hope not to fall behind because of less time spent on the course.', 'The course seems very interesting and I like the math. However, I am still struggling to adjust to what is expected of me as an online student, such as watching the teams videos. I am also still adjusting to the new technologies and resources we use with this class. Lastly, I am unable to attend the teams meetings because from 8:25-9:15 I have class at school, and from 5:00-5:50 I have cross country practice.', 'Lack of communication in person with classmates to help each other understand material.', 'I tend to really struggle with having enough practice and time for studio sessions', "I'm prone to procrastination but I am trying my best to stay on track!", "I am worried that I will not discipline myself and end up procrastinating and completing assignments at the last minute. Also, I am worried that since it's an online class, I will not be able to absorb the information well and instead I'll just be memorizing content.", 'Not being able to ask my professor questions face to face.', 'I am concerned about a lack of connection and understanding because of the remote environment. I will not have a chance to connect with anyone teaching the course or be able to take time off because of illness or emergencies.\xa0', 'It?s harder for me to hold myself accountable and stay on task when I?m completing work on my own time without an in-person teacher.', 'I have concerns with communicating with my peers, since it is easier to go over any concerns in person than it is online.', 'I feel as though taking the class remotely may make procrastination easier. Without showing up physically for class, skipping lectures or ignoring assignments becomes easier.', 'Managing time effectively and not wasting it. Giving enough time to understand the content.\xa0', "My time management skills would be all over the place. As expected, because this is an online class, it doesn't feel like a real class because none of the live sessions are required, so it feels a lot more laid back than it should be. This causes me to put things off until the last minute.", 'The course so far seems heavily focused on theorems and proofs, which I believe I need to study better.', "My only concern is that I won't devote enough time to this class. In person, I have to spend at least an hour and a half per class, but remotely it's up to myself to make sure I'm spending enough time on the class.", 'If i can learn effectively enough and retian information', 'Time management is the largest concern.', 'So far, the course has been a manageable challenge. The most difficult part has been trying to remember to watch the recordings of the studios rather than solely relying on text-based practice and learning, since videos are a not my favorite medium to learn from.', 'This class feels kind of lonely sometimes. I collaborate with my friends sometimes if I need help on homework but other than that it is very different. Hopefully as the class goes on I become more comfortable with the learning environment.', "I've always preferred in-person school, but I believe my prior experience with virtual math courses has sufficiently prepared me for this course. I do miss being able to interact with my classmates while working, but I do not foresee this being a hindrance to my learning.", 'I do not have any concerns regarding the class or content posted by Dr. Meyer but I am concerned about my work ethic and my understanding of the lectures.', 'Regarding my individual needs, earlier this year, I was diagnosed with a disease where I get very sick often unexpectedly, sometimes for long periods, and I may not be in the condition sometimes to go to school, watch lectures, etc. However, class has been going smoothly so far, so I doubt that many problems will interfere with my progress in this class (I just wanted to let you know in case of an emergency).', 'I will get confused about something and be unable to go in for extra help. I also worry that I might get behind.', "I'm afraid that I'll be\xa0 overwhelmed with other in person classes and end up neglecting the much less visible digital classes that I have.", '* Distractions everywhere\n\n* Scheduling issues\n\n* Technical difficulties\n\n* Not getting a good understanding of the course content', "My main concerns have little to do with the course itself but rather my own concentration. I'm slightly worried that I'll get distracted while working through the course material.", 'My only concern is that I will not hold myself accountable and not do the assignments until the last minute.', 'Hard to stay on track.', 'My main concern is developing enough understanding in the concepts of linear algebra, which I heard was very conceptually challenging.', "The course seems pretty tough, but I think I will be able to manage. I'm still a little confused as to the application of all this, and why we describe linear equations in ways like consistency, uniqueness, dependency, etc. I'm trying to understand what the real-world interpretations of all these descriptors would be.", 'My only concern is that I hope I am able to retain and understand the concepts just as effectively as I would in an in-person class.', 'If I can learn the content effectively.\xa0', "This is super interesting material and I'm excited! I'm just also really exhausted from my other classes and work so it can be challenging for me to keep focus.", 'If I will be able to learn the content to its fullest', 'I think the TA sessions on Monday and Wednesday are not that helpful.', 'Procrastinating but that?s a me problem', '* Instruction may not be as well as in-person teacher instruction\n\n* Limited collaboration between classmates\n\n* Technical issues\n\n* Harder to access help when I need it', 'I know that I have to be extra careful about staying on top of my work, but I am working to constantly remind myself to study and complete assignments early.', 'I am concerned about the in-person exams we will have to take, even though Math 1554 Students at my high school may have conflicting schedules to take it all at one time. I am also concerned about my ability to keep track of every deadline mentioned in the syllabus.', "Due to my schedule, it is very hard for me to attend any sessions live, so I can only watch the recordings. I'm a little worried about that aspect because I might miss something that would be more beneficial for me to watch live, but other than that I have no worries!", 'I am concerned that I may end up getting distracted or lose focus easily during this class, since for its entirety it will take place on just my laptop, making it easier to lose focus than if there was an actual teacher in the room giving lectures.\xa0', 'multiple concerts overlap with major test / exam days, so I may need some re-scheduling', 'In my opinion, learning online is generally harder. So, at no expense to the program, I just feel learning remotely is tough for me.', 'interact with other students\xa0', 'Time management, alongside worries of not truly understanding the content.\xa0', 'I have Autism Spectrum Disorder. While in terms of math it rarely does much, it does mean I tend to be tone deaf in most communications and I require time and a half on proctored assessments.\xa0\xa0', 'The few concerns that I have are:\n\n1. Me falling behind in the coursework when the exams are closing in.\n\n2. Me not finishing my work on time due to procrastination if that happens.\n\n3. Me not fully understanding the concepts, which can be resolved through the studio sessions and through piazza.', 'It is very difficult for me to attend the live studio sessions; I have a class every day of the week from 8:25-9:13 at my high school. I also have clashes with my sports practices and internship for the evening sessions.\xa0\n\n\xa0\n\nHowever, I am still very interested and invested in this class. I am working to open these slots in my schedule for me to attend these sessions. I am also viewing the studio recordings.\xa0\n\n\xa0\n\nI hope that not attending the studio sessions has reflected poorly on me as a student.', 'I have a difficult time keeping focused at home, and even though I am setting my schedule for my work, there are some days in the week where I am unable to do any math practice because of scheduling.', 'I am pretty easy going with most things. One thing I would like you to know is that my school in general has a lot of breaks throughout the year. Most of these breaks are spread throughout the year thankfully. I will be diligent in communicating with the course director in case there are any conflicting issues.\xa0', "I'm concerned about my time management with this course along with my other ones at school especially since this course is very rigorous.", "I really enjoy the course, I'm just worried because I am the only one in my county, I believe, that is taking this course, so if I need any help it will be hard to get.", 'Just the lack of the in person experience that helps me learn, but technology-wise everything seems very organized and good!', "I have to attend the 5:00pm studio sessions on Mondays and Wednesdays because I already have a class during the morning ones. But I also have dance classes starting at 5:30pm on those days, so I have to either miss participating in the live studio session or arrive late to dance class. (So far I've opted for the latter).\n\nThe unlimited attempts on certain assignments (at this point in time, at least) is reassuring because it makes starting the course a little less intimidating.", "Personally, I tend to be an individual learner and have taken online classes before, so I don't think it will be a significant problem taking this class remotely. It won't be a complete college experience, and getting feedback from a teacher will be more difficult and slower than a live lecture, but I think the studio session should help with that. Staying focused and on track may be a bit difficult with the flexible schedule.\xa0", 'I worry about not having a classroom and friends right next to me that can help me if I do not understand something.', "My only concern is the vacation breaks matching up. I am traveling abroad during Fall Break, and I know it'll be hard to do the class from them.", 'Procrastination', 'I am mostly worried that I will\xa0', 'Largest impression was that the WA0 was a bit oddly placed in module 3 as the rest of the due dates around WA0 were in module 2, but that may just be a self-issue. Otherwise, this class is very well organized with very helpful additions to the course!', 'Other than my tendency to procrastinate that I would love to get rid of (if you have any suggestions not listed in the introduction!?). The course so far seems nice, and the math is fun.', 'So far I think the course is interesting but it will definitely be challenging for me.', "The course so far has been okay, I did learn a bit about matrices in honors precalculus at my school. Personally, I'm a visual learner so I prefer watching the video lessons or working out problems from the textbook. It's easier for me to understand concepts when they are applied through example problems rather than simply reading them from the textbook.", 'I have only ever taken one other class fully online. However, from that class, I found that my retention was significantly lower. Online is not my preferred learning style, but it was the only available option for me to take a higher level math course, which was what I wanted. I knew this course was all online going into it, and made a decision accordingly.', "Time management. I'm heavily involved in the marching band at my school, and often have to stay extra hours due to my position, which is very time consuming. I find myself having to play catch up at the beginning of weeks. This is however a personal problem, not one on your end.", 'So far, this course is one of the best structured courses I have taken on Canvas, and MyLab Math is by far the best course assignment tool I have used (better than AP Classroom, Cengage Webassign, and Cengage NGLSync). I look forward to the rest of the course!', 'Just making sure I?m doing my work on time by doing a little bit every day.', 'Personally, I worry if I will be able to pace myself properly to stay on top of the work for this class. I feel that since it is remote, I may find myself putting it off in favor of my physical classes (since those feel so much more urgent) even though that may not necessarily be the best idea. I do have experience with online classes though, so I do feel that I will be better about that.\xa0', "This has been a really cool subject to work on so far! I don't have much experience with matrices, and the concept of linear algebra was very foreign to me at first. It was very difficult for me to start (the elementary row operations just didn't click for me at first), but I seem to get better with the more practice that I do. Also, I really like the textbook so far.", 'Before going into this course, I had no idea what to expect since unlike Calculus, I do not have previous foundations in Linear Algebra, so I anticipate that this course will be very difficult. The last time I took a math course digitally was in 8th grade during the pandemic and although it was just Algebra II and Geometry, it was still very challenging for me because I did not have a physical teacher in front of me who would help me learn and notice when the class does not understand the concepts. However, I was also less motivated in 8th grade to do math, so I hope I can be more successful in this course since I love math now, though Linear Algebra may be much harder.', 'Sometimes taking remote classes makes me less motivated than in-person classes, but I try to keep up with all my work regardless.', "I like how there are a lot of practice problems available, and that piazza lets us ask questions to the whole class including students so that we can all see and learn from each other's questions an answers.", 'Staying on top of all my assignments and being responsible for learning the material on my own.\xa0', "My main concern is any overlapping dates with the GT schedule and my school's schedule. (For example, I might have two different spring break dates.) This is not a huge issue, and it would just require me to work on a break if needed. But I can always get ahead of schedule and be fine.", 'Even though this is an online class, I think it would be both fun and beneficial if there was a time when students could come to campus to meet and talk with our online teachers. Maybe it could be like a large, in person study session right before the final assessment. This is just an idea.', 'Time management. But I have put a system in place to make sure I do not fall behind.', 'I might not be able to keep myself on track of the schedule.', 'I might get lazy due to this course being online but I will definitely try my best to stay on top of things.', "I like how all of the due dates, release dates, and everything else have already been laid out.\xa0\n\nI apologize if this isn't the best place for this but I will be missing the practice exam date. My school has a week-long trip going on that week and that exam is dead middle. My friend Abby(Abigail) Alemayehu is in this class as well and will be in the same boat as me. We've talked and planned on going over the exam afterwards even though it won't be graded by you all.\xa0", 'Making sure I know what I?m doing.', 'pacing myself and not falling too far behind', "I can get quite distracted easily and I'm prone to procrastination so that can make getting work done difficult when it's all online.", 'Not many. I am just scared about time management.\xa0', 'One concern I have is keeping up with my work as it has been a while since I have taken an online course. I participate in many school extracurricular activities so it can be hard to balance and find a specific time so I can do online school work. Over the past couple of weeks, I have been learning to adapt especially because this year I am taking two online courses. Math does not always come easy to me too, so I will have to put in extra effort to succeed this year.', "I'm concerned about falling behind and being unable to catch up.", 'Mainly managing my time without a strict time to do coursework.', 'My one concern is me feeling disconnected from the class, which might result in me not starting to work on things soon enough (procrastination due to disconnection). However, this is fixable if I set schedules in advance and show up to studio/office hours when I need help.\xa0', "My impression of the course so far is that there is a lot to try and grasp. It has been hard to wrap my head around everything but I'm trying.\xa0", "One of my main concerns is that I will not be able to motivate myself to deeply study and truly understand the meaning of certain topics. In addition, I am worried about the videos since I find it hard to absorb knowledge if I'm listening to a video instead of a live teacher.", 'So far, I think this class is manageable, but if I were to stay caught up on something, I would have a hard time catching up.\xa0', 'My main concern with this class is staying on pace through the modules and assignments. Because a lot of the module completion and assignments are relatively lenient compared to courses at my high school, I sometimes have a tendency to fall a little behind.', "I feel like I might get behind with the lectures because I am left confused and spending more time on the previous weeks' work.", "If I am sick or out of connection for some reason, I don't know how to prove or contact you that I could not do my work on time.\xa0", 'I have disability accommodations, and I want to ensure that these are applied.', "I'm a little worried about my tendency to procrastinate, but I've been able to mostly handle the work so far. Overall, I don't have many concerns.\xa0", "I feel that I may not be able to keep track of all the assignments. However, that is not an issue on your end, but rather on mine. A convenient google calendar or other services will do, since Canvas' calendar does not cut it.", 'Managing time to dedicate to working on this class', 'I am concerned that I will prioritize my in-person classes and start to fall behind in this class.', "I don't work on course work or watch lecture videos with the other students.", 'I would like to let you know that I do a variety of clubs that may take up my time in the mornings.\xa0', "I am unable to attend the morning meetings because of my school's block schedule and I wanted to know if that would affect my ability to participate in the class?\xa0", "I participate in a lot of clubs like FBLA, Cross Country and Track. So far, I've looked ahead and nothing seems to clash, but if something does I'll let you know. Thank you. Course is definitely challenging, but nice to do something different.", "I feel that I might get lazy with the work, notes, and other assignments we have to turn in. I'm also concerned that I might not learn the information properly.", 'In case the answer to question 3 is no, I am in the process of transferring my accommodations in high school to college (I have ADHD and ADD). Although I have taken dual enrollment classes online in the past, this is my first DE math course, so this is a new experience for me.', 'not much just being able to keep myself accountable to do enough practice.', "I am nervous that I'm going to struggle with scheduling and keeping up with all the work.", 'I will have to put more work than I did for previous courses (Calc BC), with senior year I will have to try to focus primarily on this class.', "I'm primarily concerned about my own pacing and falling behind. I'm also worried that, since this class is remote, I won't have as much motivation to do things and therefore won't have the motivation to fully understand the content given.", 'Initial impression: a very different math course compared to math courses I have taken in the past in terms of the content being covered.', 'Pacing myself to learn the content and study for the exams and not be overwhelmed with work due to procrastination', 'I am concerned that I will not know the content well-enough to be prepared for the exams.', 'I will fall behind in schedule.', 'Marching band and music in general are very important parts of my life. Because of the time commitment that my music organizations require with a calendar that was set in April, we may have to have some conversations on conflicts that may arise, particularly with the spring final.', 'The only concern is my own fault, my unfortunate tendency to procrastinate is exacerbated by the online nature of the class.', 'My only concern is if my school has off days or a long break, but the GT math class does not. One example is my school has Encounter on September 18-23.\xa0 I will be at a camp without an internet connection, so I cannot do any work for Georgia Tech during this time. This will mean that I will have to be significantly ahead of deadlines.', 'I also cannot do the morning sessions due to the school schedule.\xa0', 'My main concern is that I will not have the motivation to stay on top of the subject matter and self-study effectively.\xa0', "I'm solely worried about missing lots of learning from a sick day!", 'I am worried that I will procrastinate too much or struggle to understand topics even with instructor aid or help from other students.\xa0', 'I need to find a better way to manage my time and not be too close to the deadline so I can submit on time.', 'I feel that the course is challenging, but perhaps that is because i am not using all of my resources effectively.\xa0', "I am concerned about the procrastination aspect of online learning. It'll be difficult to force myself to stay on track, but I know it will be worth it.", 'My personal concern about taking this class remotely is how I will keep myself motivated to stay on top of my work without letting myself procrastinate and taking this class remotely means I will have to have more independence in completing tasks on time.', "I noticed that the Written Assignment is placed for week 3, but it's due in two days. I hope I didn't accidentally miss something about this.", 'Staying motivated and on track', 'I am concerned with the fact that I have never done an online math class, and I am not used to this type of instruction.\xa0\n\n\xa0', "Making the live sessions. My class periods don't line up with the sessions offered in the morning and I have sports after school.", 'I have eye irritation and dryness, so spending extended periods of time on a computer is not recommended for me. I always have eye drops on hand, wear my glasses when using a device, and take 10-20 minute breaks for every 3-4 hours or so on a light-emitting device. However, I am usually able to complete my coursework in a timely manner since I have gotten used to work plans and breakdowns over the years (and the work so far has definitely proved to be manageable). That being said, it should not be of too much concern, but I just wanted to let you know in case I have few bad eye days and cannot complete assignments on time. Bad days usually consist of headaches, fever, irritation, dryness/constant blinking/blurry vision, pulsating/pressure, etc. that warrants lots of cognitive rest. I should still be fine on proctored exam days.\xa0', 'I have found, through COVID, that I tend to get distracted while working on computers.', 'I find it hard to pace myself in the midst of online GT courses and in-person high school classes. This may not be the case for everyone, but I find it difficult to balance - this may fix itself with time, though.', "I've not done well in remote classes because of how impersonal it is. I may also have a hard time (compared to taking classes in-person) finding help and getting feedback.\xa0", 'I am the only student taking this course in my school and county.\xa0', 'the only problem is my time management skills are going to be a problem but this class will help work on this\xa0', "I don't have any concerns. I have access to the materials and resources we are using in this class. I am a bit nervous about my own ability to manage the course, but I have strategies in place to help me throughout the year!", 'I will need to request accommodations soon for my ADHD and anxiety. But overall this course has been very straightforward regarding textbooks, modules, studios, and practices. Thank you for uploading the recordings of the studio sessions as well!', 'All I need you to know is that I have very little free time to do other things because I am so busy with my other work and my job. I can maintain it but then again, I do not have too much free time to allocate towards Linear Algebra work outside of the class time I am given.\n\nI love this course so far! I am excited to keep moving forward in math and maybe take the second year next year!', 'I do have a lot of afterschool activities, especially during the winter time. They should not really affect my ability to complete work on time, but I may not be able to attend the studio sessions live, only on recordings.', 'I mostly have concerns with time management. However, I am trying to get ahead of schedule in the upcoming weeks since I know my school work and extra curriculars will start to pick up.', "I don't hold many concerns except for the number of websites I might have to switch around and checking my email often as I already have multiple emails for college and school. As long as I stay diligent, it should be fine.", 'Keeping myself accountable.', 'Procrastinating', 'Just that I need to pace myself accordingly.', "It is easy to fall behind and procrastinate on assignments. However, I don't think this will be an issue for me as long as I devote time daily to work on this class.", 'I am part of a number of extracurriculars including varsity volleyball, which practices 2 hours a day, 3 days a week. Games are 2 days a week and typically last from 4-8. Therefore, time will be a large constraint on me until mid-October. I am under the impression that this course is very rigorous and I will try my best to submit all my assignments on time, though I am somewhat nervous because of my packed schedule.\xa0', "I'm concerned that I won't be able to stay consistent in my studying efforts. I've taken online courses before, and I usually get extremely motivated for a few days and do a lot of work, then go a long time without doing anything.", "My main concern is getting completely lost and being unable to figure things out, even with support from fellow students and instructors online. I am not the biggest fan of online learning. I prefer learning in person more, but I am capable of learning by myself digitally. I am glad that I have my friends in person to support and help me whenever I am confused.\n\nOther concerns for this class are just being able to manage time well and understanding everything in an excellent manner. Time management is something we have to work on, but I am scared that as the class progresses, the course material will become too difficult to the point where I won't be able to move on since I will not understand things completely.\n\nThese are my biggest concerns.", 'None of the studio session hours fit my schedule. Other than that, nothing.', "I learn best when collaborating with other students, for example, hearing concepts in the words of kids my age, and trying to explain concepts different ways to other students, and working problems as a collective. Although I have a solid group at school of kids taking this class, I am a little nervous since I do most of my work for this class alone. However I feel like training myself to learn more independently will be a very useful skill for college, and I'm looking forward to the challenge.\xa0\n\n\xa0\n\nAlso, my school blocks canvas and pearson on its wifi! I have wifi at home thankfully so this shouldn't be too much of an issue, but I'm used to doing work from other classes during downtime in my school day which I have a lot of, so not being able to do work for this class at school is mildly frustrating.", "I ask a lot of questions. I get really anxious and nervous about a lot of stuff, and asking questions is a good opportunity for me to confirm information and calm myself. I know it is pretty standard for students to ask questions, but I just felt obligated to let you know since it might be a little more than average. Anyway, I'm just going to need that time and space to ask questions in order for me to be comfortable with this course and the material. (However, this course seems to provide a lot of opportunities to ask questions and reach out, so I am excited about that! You and your team are doing an excellent job in that department!)", 'I would say there would be a lot more social concerns such as paying attention and being on track during the class period that is used for GT math. However, that should be our own responsibility. It just feels very different from a classroom setting.', 'Just falling behind', 'Not learning everything as effectively as I may have in a class setting. Additionally, due to my recent surgery on my right hand that left this dominant hand in a sling for six weeks, I am concerned about having conflicts with worksheets requiring handwriting.', 'I have already reached out and discussed possible accommodations, I greatly appreciate your help and understanding during his challenging six-week recovery time.', 'Making myself do the work and not getting behind as it is my responsibility.\xa0', "I'm worried that I'll push off assignments because the other synchronous classes seem more important, so sometimes I distract myself from doing work and the asynchronous nature of this class does not help me to keep on top of tasks. However, I seek to counterbalance this by maintaining a good schedule.", "I'm someone who does better with in-person and synchronous instruction. It's going to be a process to get adapted to this way of learning, but I'm doing well so far.\xa0", "I want to make sure I'm learning the math concepts to the best of my ability. My biggest concern is procrastination, so I am going to make sure to do a little bit of work for the class each day. This will help me not fall behind, and understand the topics better.\xa0", "Not really. Other than being able to move along without a complete comprehension of the material, my other worry is that I won't have enough time, or that I will eat into time for other things, with the amount of studying I see in my future. That isn't really a problem to be solved by anyone else though. I just need to get better at my own study skills.", 'I celebrate Jewish holidays, so doing work around these times may be challenging.', 'Staying motivated and not procrastinating.', "I have a concentration disorder along with depression, making it difficult for me to concentrate and have the energy to finish quickly. I would love to get extra time on things, but I can't set up a 504 plan.", 'I am excited to be in this online course and have the challenge of balancing everything and pacing myself with only the help of my one classmate.', "I'm a pretty decent independent learner, so I'm not used to the office hour format of asking live questions. Hence my attendance at those hours will be limited to only the times that I can't figure out on my own.\xa0", 'I might put less emphasis on this class and need to catch up or forget to do an assignment.\xa0', "The work has to be done outside of school (mostly) so I have to make sure I don't spend too much time on homework and stay up late", "I want to make sure I don't fall behind on my work.", "I am the first person to ever take a class like this at my school, so I am just don't know what to expect and neither do my teachers. Also, I have football practice and school during the office hour times so I can't get to them\n\n\xa0"]